few wording tweaks prior to beta (#5799)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/getting-started/configure-mesh.md

## Next steps

Now that you've configured a global control plane, you can continue to configure your service mesh in {{site.konnect_short_name}} by following some of these guides:
{:.note}

> > **Note:** When following these or any of the other guides for Kong Mesh, use the instructions for Universal mode as they will show you how to utilize `kumactl` to interact with Konnect Mesh Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When following these or any of the other guides for {{site.mesh_product_name}}, use the instructions for Universal mode as they will show you how to use `kumactl` to interact with {{site.konnect_short_name}} Mesh Manager.
```
